# DAR
- 출처 : http://faculty.bscb.cornell.edu/~hooker/darpaper.pdf
- Our motivation for DAR arose from the problem of extrapolation when using machine learning methods for prediction. Methods such as trees and
neural networks are guaranteed to give predictions in a bounded interval. The variance of these predictions may, nonetheless, be severe in regions far from observed data. 
# DARE
- 출처 : http://faculty.bscb.cornell.edu/~hooker/DARE.pdf
- The requirement that a function return to a base model away from training data is not easy to implement as part of the learning procedure in a universal approximator. However, we can achieve this behavior by stochastically generating uniform data with response given by the base model and adding it to the training data. The resulting procedure, which we termed Data-Augmented Regression for Extrapolation (DARE) can supplement any regression method.
- In this paper we have considered the problem of making predictions at points of extrapolation. Few learning procedures are designed to produce stable results at points of extrapolation and we show that even constant extrapolators can exhibit high variance away from training data. In order to stabilize these predictions and recognize their semi-arbitrary nature, we propose that predictions should be shrunk toward a base model in proportion to the density of training points near them. This follows the heuristic argument that as new examples get further away from known examples, our model predictions becomes less informed about the response. In order to carry out this shrinkage, we propose a very simple procedure of generating new uniformly distributed data, giving it the response associated with the base model and augmenting the training set with this data. Unless strong prior knowledge is available that pertains to the whole space, we recommend that an appropriate base model should be constant. This idea has the advantage that it can be applied to any learning method. Viewed from a Bayesian perspective, our method amounts to placing a random field prior on prediction values, basing predictions on a null model unless empirical data – in the form of nearby training data – provides evidence to the contrary. We also show that when linear regression is employed, our method is a stochastic form of ridge regression. The extent to which DARE regularizes will depend on the flexibility of the learner that is employed and the concentration of the training examples in predictor space. These are the factors that also influence the extent of our concern about extrapolation. Regularization
often also has a positive effect on predictive accuracy. We have demonstrated on simulated and real examples that it is possible to simultaneously improve predictive accuracy on the data distribution and stability at points of extrapolation.
