- 출처 : https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/10095020.2018.1503775
## abstract
- The Euclidean function is unrealistic for some (notably urban) settings which contain complex physical restrictions and social structures for example road and path networks, large restricted areas of private land and legal road restrictions such as speed limits and one-way systems.
## 2.1. House prices in space
Most contemporary analysis mimics this trend, for example predicting property value by using (1) the average sales price of other properties in the local comparable markets, (2) a spatial clustering of properties and demographics (Malczewski 2004) and (3) a local demographic “trade area” (Daniel 1994).
- In the case of spatially dependent data, cross-validation is optimistic due to its inherent IID assumption.
- Euclidean distances are exclusively considered in all of the above work. This paper hypothesizes that house prices are related to a more complex structural network relating to (restricted) road distance and travel time; hence, we introduce an approximate (restricted) road distance and travel time metric using the Minkowski distance function for a valid house price Kriging predictor (Matheron 1963; Cressie 1990).
## data description
- Figure 1. A comparison of an Euclidean distance matrix versus a drive time distance matrix and a road distance matrix around the center point of Coventry. (a) Euclidean distance buffer from 0 to 4 miles around the centre of Coventry; (b) Travel time distance buffer from 0 to 10 minutes drive time around the centre of Coventry; (c) Road distance buffer from 0 to 4 miles around the centre of Coventry.
## 4.1. Stage 1: collapsing time
- The price paid data for 2016 are addressed only (herewithin named ). This accounts for 3669 sales in Coventry. Stage 1 predicts each property’s sale price based on its value on the 1 January 2017 (for time singularity). This process involves each property being assigned some percentage price change based on the date that it was sold and the lower super output area that the property is contained within to produce a value for all 3669 properties at the date 1 January 2017 (). The error for the purposes of this experiment is minimal or nonexistent due to the small temporal and spatial aggregate areas being considered.
- Figure 2 shows an exact example where the distance between houses  to  is 0.24 mi along the red dotted line which takes a route along “Brownshill Green Road” and is marked as a one-way system, this means that the route  to  must be different, which, in this case, is further; hence, the distance matrix is not symmetric. The same reasoning applies for a travel time matrix
