# Paper Summary
- [Semantic Image Segmentation with Deep Convolutional Nets and Fully Connected CRFs](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1412.7062v4.pdf)
- In particular we consider three challenges in the application of DCNNs to semantic image segmentation: (1) reduced feature resolution, (2) existence of objects at multiple scales, and (3) reduced localization accuracy due to DCNN invariance.
## Methodology
### Atrous Convolution
- The first challenge is caused by the repeated combination of max-pooling and downsampling ('striding') performed at consecutive layers of DCNNs originally designed for image classification. This results in feature maps with significantly reduced spatial resolution when the DCNN is employed in a fully convolutional fashion. In order to overcome this hurdle and efficiently produce denser feature maps, ***we remove the downsampling operator from the last few max pooling layers of DCNNs and instead upsample the filters in subsequent convolutional layers, resulting in feature maps computed at a higher sampling rate.*** Filter upsampling amounts to inserting holes ('trous' in French) between nonzero filter taps. In practice, ***we recover full resolution feature maps by a combination of atrous convolution, which computes feature maps more densely, followed by simple bilinear interpolation of the feature responses to the original image size. This scheme offers a simple yet powerful alternative to using deconvolutional layers in dense prediction tasks. Compared to regular convolution with larger filters, atrous convolution allows us to effectively enlarge the field of view of filters without increasing the number of parameters or the amount of computation.***
### Atrous Spatial Pyramid Pooling (ASPP)
- The second challenge is caused by the existence of objects at multiple scales. A standard way to deal with this is to present to the DCNN rescaled versions of the same image and then aggregate the feature or score maps. We show that this approach indeed increases the performance of our system, but comes at the cost of computing feature responses at all DCNN layers for multiple scaled versions of the input image.
- Instead, motivated by spatial pyramid pooling [19], [20], we propose a computationally efficient scheme of resampling a given feature layer at multiple rates prior to convolution. This amounts to probing the original image with multiple filters that have complementary effective fields of view, thus capturing objects as well as useful image context at multiple scales. Rather than actually resampling features, we efficiently implement this mapping using multiple parallel atrous convolutional layers with different sampling rates; we call the proposed technique "atrous spatial pyramid pooling" (ASPP). Our work explores an alternative approach which we show to be highly effective.
### Fully-connected Conditional Random Field
In particular, we boost our model’s ability to capture fine details by employing a fully-connected Conditional Random Field (CRF) [22]. ***CRFs have been broadly used in semantic segmentation to combine class scores computed by multi-way classifiers with the low-level information captured by the local interactions of pixels and edges or superpixels. we use the fully connected pairwise CRF proposed by [22] for its efficient computation, and ability to capture fine edge details while also catering for long range dependencies. That model was shown in [22] to improve the performance of a boosting-based pixel-level classifier.*** In this work, we demonstrate that it leads to state-of-the-art results when coupled with a DCNN-based pixel-level classifier.
## References
- [22] [Efficient Inference in Fully Connected CRFs with Gaussian Edge Potentials](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.5644.pdf)
