# DAR
- 출처 : http://faculty.bscb.cornell.edu/~hooker/darpaper.pdf
- Our motivation for DAR arose from the problem of extrapolation when using machine learning methods for prediction. Methods such as trees and
neural networks are guaranteed to give predictions in a bounded interval. The variance of these predictions may, nonetheless, be severe in regions far from observed data. 
# DARE
- 출처 : http://faculty.bscb.cornell.edu/~hooker/DARE.pdf
- The requirement that a function return to a base model away from training data is not easy to implement as part of the learning procedure in a universal approximator. However, we can achieve this behavior by stochastically generating uniform data with response given by the base model and adding it to the training data. The resulting procedure, which we termed Data-Augmented Regression for Extrapolation (DARE) can supplement any regression method.
- In this paper we have considered the problem of making predictions at points of extrapolation. Few learning procedures are designed to produce stable results at points of extrapolation and we show that even constant extrapolators can exhibit high variance away from training data. In order to stabilize these predictions and recognize their semi-arbitrary nature, we propose that predictions should be shrunk toward a base model in proportion to the density of training points near them. This follows the heuristic argument that as new examples get further away from known examples, our model predictions becomes less informed about the response. In order to carry out this shrinkage, we propose a very simple procedure of generating new uniformly distributed data, giving it the response associated with the base model and augmenting the training set with this data. Unless strong prior knowledge is available that pertains to the whole space, we recommend that an appropriate base model should be constant. This idea has the advantage that it can be applied to any learning method. Viewed from a Bayesian perspective, our method amounts to placing a random field prior on prediction values, basing predictions on a null model unless empirical data – in the form of nearby training data – provides evidence to the contrary. We also show that when linear regression is employed, our method is a stochastic form of ridge regression. The extent to which DARE regularizes will depend on the flexibility of the learner that is employed and the concentration of the training examples in predictor space. These are the factors that also influence the extent of our concern about extrapolation. Regularization
often also has a positive effect on predictive accuracy. We have demonstrated on simulated and real examples that it is possible to simultaneously improve predictive accuracy on the data distribution and stability at points of extrapolation.

# SMOGN(Synthetic Minority Over-Sampling Technique for Regression with Gaussian Noise)
- 출처 : https://github.com/nickkunz/smogn/blob/master/examples/smogn_example_3_adv.ipynb
- Here we cover the focus of this example. We call the smoter function from this package (smogn.smoter) and satisfy all of the available arguments for manual operation: data, y, samp_method, drop_na_col, drop_na_row, replace, k, rel_thres, rel_method, rel_ctrl_pts_rg
- The data argument takes a Pandas DataFrame, which contains the training set split. In this example, we input the previously loaded housing training set with follow input: data = housing
- The y argument takes a string, which specifies a continuous reponse variable by header name. In this example, we input 'SalePrice' in the interest of predicting the sale price of homes in Ames, Iowa with the following input: y = 'SalePrice'
- The k argument takes a positive integer less than 𝑛, where 𝑛 is the sample size. k specifies the number of neighbors to consider for interpolation used in over-sampling. In this example, we input 7 to consider 2 additional neighbors (default is 5) with the following input: k = 7
- The pert argument takes a real number between 0 and 1. It represents the amount of perturbation to apply to the introduction of Gaussian Noise. In this example, we input 0.04 to increase the noise generated by synthetic examples where applicable (default is 0.02). We utilize the following input: pert = 0.04
- The samp_method argument takes a string, either 'balance' or 'extreme'. If 'balance' is specified, less over/under-sampling is conducted. If 'extreme' is specified, more over/under-sampling is conducted. In this case, we input 'balance' (default is 'balance') with the following input: samp_method = 'balance'
- The drop_na_col and drop_na_row arguments take a boolean. They specify whether or not to automatically remove features (columns) and observations (rows) that contain missing values (default is True for both). In this example, we make the argument explicit with the following inputs: drop_na_col = True and drop_na_row = True
- The replace argument takes a boolean. It specifies whether or not to utilize replacement in under-sampling (default is False). In this example, we make the argument explicit with the following input: replace = False
- The rel_thres argument takes a real number between 0 and 1. It specifies the threshold of rarity. The higher the threshold, the higher the over/under-sampling boundary. The inverse is also true, where the lower the threshold, the lower the over/under-sampling boundary. In this example, we dramatically reduce the boundary to 0.10 (default is 0.50) with the following input: rel_thres = 0.10
- The rel_method argument takes a string, either 'auto' or 'manual'. It specifies how relevant or rare "minority" values in y are determined. If 'auto' is specified, "minority" values are automatically determined by box plot extremes. If 'manual' is specified, "minority" values are determined by the user. In this example, we input 'manual' with the following input: rel_method = 'manual'
- The rel_ctrl_pts_rg argument takes a 2d array (matrix). It is used to manually specify the regions of interest or rare "minority" values in y. The first column indicates the y values of interest, the second column indicates a mapped value of relevance, either 0 or 1, where 0 is the least relevant and 1 is the most relevant, and the third column is indicative. It will be adjusted afterwards, use 0 in most cases.
The specified relevance values mapped to 1 are considered "minorty" values and are over-sampled. The specified relevance values mapped to 0 are considered "majority" values and are under-sampled.
